About Genalyze:

Genalyze is developed as a troubleshooting tool to help the Gentoo community
further support users by gathering system information relating to the machine 
in question. This tool does not make any changes to the file system other than 
generating txt files for the user to reference. The concept is to assist the 
troubleshooters in obtaining information they need in order to resolve the issue
at hand. This will generate lots of information regarding the system, without 
the need to ask the user to do each individual step to obtain information one 
step at a time. The idea is to decrease the amount of time it takes to find and 
eliminate possible problems the user is experiencing.  Genalyze is developed for
troubleshooting of Gentoo installs, however it may or may not be useful for other 
distributions based on Gentoo such as Funtoo or Sabayon. 

Ebuild:

Genalyze is not currently in portage or in any overlay's however you are encouraged to 
add a local port overlay and test the ebuild which is in the ebuild/ directory in the tarball
please bring it to the genalyze developer's attention any problems you may experience
while trying to use the ebuild, so we can get it into portage sooner :)


Usage:

  Syntax: genalyze [options]
 	
 Options:

 -h, --help                            Display this message and exit

 -n, --non-interactive                 Do not ask question, assume default values

 -o, --omit <module_identifiers>       Do not execute specified modules
 
 -w, --with-only <module_identifiers>  Execute explicitly only these modules
 
 -d, --no-upload                       Do not upload the file with information
	
 -r,--read-only                        Only display the file with information
	
 -l,--list                             List available modules and exit


Security Concerns:

Some users may be concerned that their system information shouldn't be shared publicly. 
This is understandable to the developers of Genalyze too. We are providing users the option 
to paste their information to a public pasting service, or if they wish to provide the 
information to others by a different method the user can simply choose not to upload the 
information.  The system information can be found in /tmp  the filename containing the information
will be genalyze_{TIMESTAMP}.txt   where {TIMESTAMP} refers to the date + time the information
was generated. 


Questions, Comments, and/or Concerns:

You may contact us on Freenode IRC (irc.freenode.net) in the channel #gentoo-genalyze  


*Please don't ask questions regarding the use of Genalyze in #gentoo as this script is not officially 
supported by #gentoo at this time. However feel free to share your output of Genalyze anywhere you 
need support for your gentoo based system :) 

Enjoy!! 



